Now, we will shift gears to talk about
metrics useful for measuring your company's growth.
Here growth for a website or app is counted in the number of users.
Are we seeing the number of people actually using the site increasing or decreasing?
If you see your website use as high,
are they unique users or the same people coming back?
An important aspect of growth is not just whether you have
users but whether they continue to actively use or engage with the website.
We'll talk about the following metrics: active users,
which can range from monthly, weekly,
to daily; stickiness, which is derived from the monthly and daily active users;
and finally, churn rate.
Ready? Let's jump into it.